## Welcome to the Unfair Advantage files. The world needs to know about something that no one talks about. That is the ICA's strong bias in favor of (*drum roll*) __Malaysian Chinese__.  All of the data has been extracted from a very reputable forum which has been the main source of tips for expats in Singapore for a very long time.

### First of all, let me introduce myself in an anonymous manner. I am currently a Software Developer working in Singapore full time. I arrived in Singapore as a 17 year old kid not knowing many things about the nature of this country. The moment I landed, I thought I had made the best choice of my life. Little did I know that, 10 years later, I would be taking on ICA, an extremely racist and bias authority who decides the fate of a person's life. 

### Back to myself. I studied a tertiary diploma for 3 years and then went onto study at a top government university for 4 years before I got my degree. In total, I had spent a total of SGD 60,000 which does not include the exorbitant rental cost I paid for a bed in a small room. The cost of accomodation is unreasonably high in Singapore. Like it or not, you gotta live with it. Chinese landlords are out there to rip you off. If possible, stay at a non chinese local property. I learnt it the hard way after more than 5 years. 

### I don't have any relatives in Singapore.  Had to build my life from scratch.  Whatever financial support I received from my hardworking father overseas, I spent it very sparingly and with highest amount of calculations so that I didn't accidentally spend on things I didn't need because there are many things out here which are useless and yet being sold for astronomical prices. Life can be extremely lonely in this country but you need to learn how to toughen yourself up. Xenophobia is ever present even if you are just an innocent kid, there will be your peers out there to bully you either directly or indirectly.  It took me 6 months to toughen myself up and become ruthless towards social pressure. It can be very tough for a starter who is new to a totally strange and new society but yeah, LEARN TO MAN UP!

### Being a foreigner and a non CHINESE doesn't help either. You will see more later on why I said that. During my tertiary diploma study, I was bullied during my very first semester but I stood for myself despite shedding tears in agony during lonely nights. I am a guy, btw.. Mind you. Slowly building on, reading self-help books, I grew stronger and next semester onwards, my sole focus was on slaughtering all the academic records.  I am still very pleased with myself and proudly claim that yes, I am a 4 pointer thrice. You need to score high, much higher than locals to enter a local university.  Either you enter a local university or your get the fuck out of this country because you getting a job with a private degree is 0 in terms of chances. You need a job.  You know why? Because you take a bonded loan with the Ministry of Education. You don't get free ride and still need to pay 80% of your tuition fees. I have complete respect for Ministry of Education and I absolutely love them for they help students acheive things that they can be proud of when they become adults. Lots of respect for MoE. Please keep up the great job that you do. Unlike the scum of ICA, MoE is authentically the only authority that I respect. You can disagree, but that's up to you. 

### Coming back to my post tertiary era, I joined a top local university here. Lost a lot of hair during the highly technical 4 years. Landed internship at an American MNC for 8 months before I wrapped up my final semester. I love my alma mater and will never forget. Thanks to all the great professors who helped me out both during my down and up times. 

### Right after that, 7 years later, I had to land a full time job to pay off my debt. Without it, even if you die or your guardians die, the debt won't go away. So you need to pay the debt off to MoE. If you run like a coward, you will be blacklisted and that black dot will remain with you wherever you go.  Singapore, despite being small, has leverage on bigger countries due to the reputation that it created over the years. I landed a full time job and worked like a pig for 3 years. Lost much of my hair in the process but I don't really give a damn because, hair transplant is an activity on my list later on.  Anyways, during these 3 years, ICA was extremely nasty towards me. My first application for Permanent Residency got rejected after nearly a year of waiting. Upon writing to the Home Affairs, I got a silent treatment. 1 year later, I applied again.  Yet again, it took them 11 months to reject my application.  I wrote to the president now (who is from the minority race).  Sadly, it seems she has no say in it. The email got redirected back to ICA. Imagine going to the lion for help and the lion redirects you back to the leader of the foxes whose members are trying to kill you.  That's what happened.  I have all the email and communication records. So if you really need it, you can create an issue at my github account. I will respond to you.  Basically, the counter got reset and yet again after another 6 months of waiting period and emailing ICA for more than 60 times throughout my 3 years of PR application, I got another rejection, this time in my letter box.  The most interesting part of the letter was this new sentence they appended. Looks like they are trying to tell me the location of a treasure chest. 

## You may submit a fresh application for our consideration via ICA's Electronic Permanent Residence System (e-PR) after six months should there be *any significant changes in your circumstances.*

### Yeah, that's the hint.  Ms Tan Zhao Wei, you did a fantastic job in telling me exactly where to locate the chest. Love you very much. Look at point 1 in the numbered list below. A Malaysian Chinese, after spending less than a year in Singapore gets his PR as an entry level professional. I am already at a senior level and earning much more than him and yet you tell me to dial you back after 6 months if there is any significant changes in my circumstances?  Sorry, I won't become a Chinese in 6 months. But I sure hope that the public and the international community in general drag you down from your high horse there. 


### The question you should now ask yourself is, despite spending 10 years of your life and paying regular taxes, do you want to fuck yourself in the butt by playing by the rules set by mysterious people who wouldn't even tell you the correct answer.  Did I forget to tell you that I also happen to be non Chinese? Yeah you heart that.  Race counts.  Just a simple Google search will give you a good idea. Do you want to live in a country that only wants but doesn't want to give back? Do you want to experience xenophobia constantly and yet get barred from ever joining a society in which you spent more than a decade?  Do you want to invest a country that just wants to suck up your money and only cares about its national reserves? Do you want to live in a country that cares only about increasing the population numbers of one particular race? Every minority singaporean that I talk to wants to move to USA or Europe where they think they would be treated in a more equal manner. Forget about the foreigner who also happens to be from a non Chinese background. Do you really want to bleach your skin color yellow and your dollars yellow to please a yellow government who fancily uses English in the name of increasing $$$?  I have complete respect for all my Chinese teachers and friends and colleagues but I despise this government and this immigration authority with every drop of my sweat because there are so many things they won't tell you.  Look at the links below about their hidden agenda. Constantly increasing the population of Chinese and Chinese alone.  Are you Malaysian Chinese?  Congrats.  Take a boat to Singapore tomorrow and you will get PR upon arrival for this country and its current administration has a master plan to keep the numbers of Chinese high.

[1. Malaysian gets PR in 1 year](https://faceb0ok.github.io/unfairadvantage.io/Malaysian_gets_PR_in_1_year.html)
<br>
<br>
[2. Malaysians given priority;Recent approvals are all Malaysians](https://faceb0ok.github.io/unfairadvantage.io/Recent applications all Malaysians.html)
<br>
<br>
[3. Length of stay is 2 years in Singapore but wanna try to be PR. Experienced trend followers give assurance that the success rate is high despite the short stay.](https://faceb0ok.github.io/unfairadvantage.io/length of stay 2 years wanna apply Malaysian.html)
<br>
<br>
[4. Local dude 21 gets his 23 years old girlfriend, a Work Permit holder pregnant. Dude is relying on a few successful cases to get green light for his case. Will there be higher chances if the impregnator and the impregnated were non Chinese? Why does he sound so confident? Ministry of Manpower clearly states that a Work Permit holder cannot marry a Singaporean. Different race, different law?](https://faceb0ok.github.io/unfairadvantage.io/local dude gets WP holder Malaysian pregnant.html)
<br>
<br>
[5. There is this thing called 'OTHERS' category which bluntly means any nationality/race other than Malaysian Chinese. This is not shown openly on the ICA website.  ](https://faceb0ok.github.io/unfairadvantage.io/Others Category which is Hidden.html)
<br>
<br>
[6. Malaysian Chinese marries lady from Myanmar and tries to apply for PR. Gets rejected and the reason is (*drum roll*)The "problem" is you are not pure Chinese blood family. That's all. That means you get put into the others category which has an extremely limited number of yearly approvals. Honestly I don't think the debt issue has anything to do with it. Divorce your wife, wait a year or two and then remarry w pure Chinese woman (she must have Chinese name and ancestry) and apply again (if PR is that important).](https://faceb0ok.github.io/unfairadvantage.io/Malaysian dude marries lady from Myanmar..html)
<br>
<br>
[7. He studied O levels and NUS here. Basically been brain washed enough.He’s young and has many years ahead of him to pay tax. He’s **chinese** and fulfills the racial harmony mix matrix equation. What more do you wanna ask for?](https://faceb0ok.github.io/unfairadvantage.io/Chinese keyword again.html)
<br>
<br>
[8. Singapore is not ready for a PM who is ethnically Indian. That's why it adds tons of Malaysian Chinese every year to its prospective new citizens list. So don't blame yourself too much if your application gets rejected. ](https://faceb0ok.github.io/unfairadvantage.io/Singapore not ready for a non Chinese PM.html)
<br>
<br>
[9. She must be celebrating with her PR right now.  Malaysian Chinese gets full yellow light from the veterans in the forum. ](https://faceb0ok.github.io/unfairadvantage.io/Malaysian Chinese medical doctor working for 6 months gets high approval for PR.  Will other nationalities or race get the same result?.html)
<br>
<br>
[10. An indian forum user gets told off for asking. Here's how -> "Changes required to increase your chances? - convert to Malaysian and change your race to Chinese Image Top" ](https://faceb0ok.github.io/unfairadvantage.io/indian gets told off.html)
<br>
<br>

### I can go on and on but you can see for yourself.  Just go to that source forum and key in Malaysian && Chinese && PR && approved. Grab some popcorn for unlimited entertainment if you are a Chinese. If not, grab yourself some panadol because your head is gonna boil.  If any content gets removed from that website, you should know that they probably got POFMA'd after this post went viral. But that doesn't mean that the unethical practices have come to a halt. 